Adds empty documents for our coding standards (#146)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/coding-standards/README.md

# Coding Standards

> This guide covers the Kyma Team's considered best development practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers the best development practices every Kyma team should employ. 
```
